Fix links in README.md (#290)
grafana/grafana-image-renderer: README.md

## Configuration

> For available configuration settings, please refer to [Grafana Image Rendering documentation](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/administration/configuration/#rendering).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For available configuration settings, please refer to [Grafana Image Rendering documentation](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/next/image-rendering/#configuration).
```

## Troubleshooting

For troubleshooting help, refer to

> [Grafana Image Rendering troubleshooting documentation](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/administration/image_rendering/#troubleshoot-image-rendering).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Grafana Image Rendering troubleshooting documentation](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/next/image-rendering/troubleshooting/).
```
